						ExamPro AWS Course Practice Questions
						
001) What is the main focus of the CCP certification?
	 Billing and Business-Centric Concepts
	 
002) What type of hosting has one physical machine and is shared by hundreds of businesses​, but has limited functionality and poor isolation?
	 Shared Hosting​
	 
003) What type of hosting is the physical machine is virtualized into sub-machines?
	 Virtual Private Server​
	 
004) Which cloud computing Service on Amazon was launched in March of 2006?
	 Simple Storage Service (S3)
	 
005) What Cloud Service offers having a virtual computer that​ can run applications, programs, and code?
	 Compute
	 
006) What cloud service provides a virtual network that allows you to define internet connections or network isolations?
	 Networking​
	 
007) What category of cloud service offering does the EBS Virtual Hard drive belong in?
	 Storage
	 
008) What category of cloud service offering does the EC2 Virtual machine belong in?
	 Compute
	 
009) What shares the same underlying OS so they are more efficient than multiple VMs​?
	 Containers
	 
010) Which type of computing requires you to upload a piece of code, choose the amount of memory and duration?
	 Functions
	 
011) Which type of cloud computing is a product that is run and managed by the service provider​?
	 Software as a Service
	 
012) Which type of cloud computing is the basic building block for cloud IT. Provides access to networking features, computers, and data storage space?
	 IaaS
	 
013) Which type of cloud computing is allows you to focus on the deployment and management of your apps without worry of provisioning, configuring, or understanding the hardware or OS?
	 Platform as a Service​
	 
014) What cloud computing deployment model uses both on-Premise and ​a Cloud Service Provider?
	 Hybrid
	 
015) Which cloud computing deployment model would be ideal for public sectors, hospitals, and insurance companies?
	 Private Cloud
	 
016) Which type of cloud computing is commonly used by public sectors, hospitals, insurance companies, etc?
	 On-Premise (Private Cloud)
	 
017) Which of the following is NOT a benefit of the cloud?
	 Capital expense
	 
018) What benefit of the cloud allows you to operate continuously without failure for a designated period of time?
	 High Availability
	 
019) Which benefit of cloud computing defines automate scaling during spikes and drops in demand​?
	 Elastic
	 
020) Which benefit of cloud computing states it can provide data backup, disaster recovery, data replication, and fault tolerance​?
	 Reliable
	 
021) Which benefit of cloud computing defines you can launch workloads anywhere in the world, simply choose a region​?
	 Global
	 
022) Which of the following resources makes up the AWS Global Infrastructure?
	 26 Launched Regions​
	 84 Availability Zones​
	 108 Direct Connection Locations​
	 410+ Points of Presence​
	 17 Local Zones
	 
023) Every region is physically isolated from and independent of every other region in terms of location, power, water supply
	 True
	 
024) Amazon S3, Cloud Front, Route53, IAM are examples of what type of service?
	 Global Services

025) How many availability zones would a region generally have?
	 3
	 
026) The use of AZ’s give customers the ability to operate production applications and databases that are more: (Select 3)
	 Fault tolerant
	 Scalable
	 Highly available

027) All traffic between AZs is encrypted
	 True
	 
028) The scope of a fault domain could be ________
	 an entire room in a datacenter
	 specific servers in a rack
	 the entire data center building
	 an entire rack in a datacenter
	 
029) Each Amazon Region is designed to be completely isolated from the other Amazon Regions.
	 True
	 
030) What can act as on and off-ramps to the AWS Global Network?
	 Edge Locations
	 
031) What ensures your resources stay within the AWS Network and do not traverse over the public Internet?
	 VPC Endpoints
	 
032) What are data centers that hold cached (copy) on the most popular files (eg. web pages, images, and videos) so that the delivery of distance to the end-users is reduced?
	 Edge locations
	 
033) What are intermediate locations between an AWS Region and the end-user, and this location could be a data center or a collection of hardware?
	 Points of Presence (PoP)
	 
034) PoPs live at the edge/intersection of two networks
	 True
	 
035) What allows you to generate a special URL that can be used by end users to upload files to a nearby Edge Location. Once a file is uploaded to an Edge Location, it can move much faster within the AWS Network to reach S3?
	 Amazon S3 Transfer Acceleration
	 
036) What can find the optimal path from the end-user to your web servers?
	 AWS Global Accelerator
	 
037) What are the two very-fast network connection options that Direct Connect have? (Select 2)
	 Lower Bandwidth 50Mbps-500Mbps
	 Higher Bandwidth 1Gbps or 10Gbp
	 
038) What are trusted third-party data centers that you can establish a dedicated high-speed, low-latency connection from your on-premise to the AWS network.​?
	 Direct Connect Locations
	 
039) What are data centers located very close to a densely populated area to provide single-digit millisecond low latency performance (eg. 7ms) for that area?
	 Local Zones
	 
040) What is the purpose of Local Zone?
	 The purpose of Local Zone is to support highly-demanding applications sensitive to latency:​
	 Media & Entertainment​
	 Electronic Design Automation​
	 Ad-Tech​
	 Machine Learning
	 
041) What allows for edge-computing on 5G Networks?
	 Wavelength Zones
	 
042) What is the jurisdictional control or legal authority that can be asserted over data because its physical location is within jurisdictional boundaries?
	 Data Sovereignty
	 
043) What is a physical rack of servers that you can put in your data center?
	 AWS Outposts
	 
044) What is Data Residency?
	 The physical or geographic location of where an organization or cloud resources reside.
	 
045) What is a Policy as Code service on AWS?
	 AWS Config
	 
046) AWS has special regions for US regulation called ________
	 GovCloud
	 
047) GovCloud Regions are globally accessible.
	 False
	 
048) What are regions allow customers to host sensitive Controlled Unclassified Information and other types of regulated workloads?
	 GovCloud
	 
049) What are the two Regions in Mainland China? (Select 2)
	 Beijing CN
	 Ningxia CN
	 
050) Which part of AWS Cloud's Sustainability goals states AWS is working towards having their AWS Global Infrastructure powered by 100% renewable energy by 2025?
	 Renewable Energy
	 
051) What is a fully managed service that lets you control satellite communications, process data, and scale your operations without having to worry about building or managing your own ground station infrastructure?
	 AWS Ground Station
	 
052) What is a frame design to hold and organize IT equipment?
	 Server Rack
	 
053) What is a fully managed service that offers the same AWS infrastructure, AWS services, APIs, and tools to virtually any data center, co-location space, or on-premises facility for a truly consistent hybrid experience?
	 AWS Outposts
	 
054) For Cloud Architecture Terminologies, what is your ability to grow rapidly or unimpeded?
	 Scalability
	 
055) What are the business factors that a Solutions Architect always needs to consider? (Choose 2)
	 (Security) How secure is this solution?
	 (Cost) How much is this going to cost?
	 
056) What is High Availability (HA)?
	 Your ability for your service to remain available by ensuring there is no single point of failure and/or ensure a certain level of performance
	 
057) What is a load balancer that allows you to evenly distribute traffic to multiple servers in one or more data centers?
	 Elastic Load Balancer
	 
058) Vertical Scaling is known as ________
	 Scaling Up
	 
059) What is your ability to increase your capacity based on the increasing demand for traffic, memory, and computing power?
	 High Scalability
	 
060) What is an AWS feature that will automatically add or remove servers based on scaling rules you define?
	 Auto Scaling Groups (ASG)
	  
061) What is your ability to automatically increase or decrease your capacity based on the current demand of traffic, memory, and computing power?
	 High Elasticity
	 
062) What is when you run a duplicate standby database in another Availability Zone in case your primary database fails?
	 RDS Multi-AZ
	 
063) What is the ability of your service to ensure there is no single point of failure. Preventing the chance of failure?
	 Highly Fault Tolerant
	 
064) What continuously replicates your machines into a low-cost staging area in your target AWS account and preferred Region enabling fast and reliable recovery in case of IT data center failures?
	 CloudEndure Disaster Recovery
	 
065) What is your ability to recover from a disaster and to prevent the loss of data solutions that recover from a disaster?
	 Disaster Recovery (DR)
	 
066) What is the maximum acceptable amount of data loss after an unplanned data-loss incident, expressed as an amount of time?
	 Recovery Point Objective (RPO)
	 
067) What is a document that outlines how a business will continue operating during an unplanned disruption in services?
	 Business Continuity Plan
	 
068) What type of Disaster Recovery Option is a Scaled-down copy of your infrastructure running ready to scale up?
	 Warm Standby
	 
069) What type of Disaster Recovery Option is where data is replicated to another region with minimal services running?
	 Pilot Light
	 
070) What is RPO?
	 The maximum acceptable amount of data loss after an unplanned data-loss incident, expressed as an amount of time
	 
071) Each AWS Service has its own ___________ which you send requests
	 Service Endpoint
	 
072) Some AWS Services Console will act as an umbrella console containing many AWS Services
	 True
	 
073) The AWS Account ID is composed of ________
	 12
	 
074) What is an AWS Account ID used for?
	 when logging in with a non-root user account
	 Cross-account roles
	 Support cases
	 
075) What allows you to interact with the AWS API via PowerShell Cmdlets?
	 AWS Tools for PowerShell
	 
076) What are the three format variations for ARN?
	 arn:partition:service:region:account-id:resource-id
	 arn:partition:service:region:account-id:resource-type/resource-id
	 arn:partition:service:region:account-id:resource-type:resource-id
	 
077) What are uniquely identified AWS resources?
	 Amazon Resource Names (ARNs)
	 
078) What is a browser-based shell built into the AWS Management Console?
	 AWS CloudShell
	 
079) What are the two Infrastructure as Code offerings on AWS?
	 AWS CloudFormation (CFN)
	 AWS Cloud Development Kit (CDK)
	 
080) Which of the following are the characteristics of Declarative IaC? (Select 3)
	 Uses scripting languages eg. JSON, YAML, XML
	 You say what you want, and the rest is filled in. ImplicitMore verbose, but zero chance of misconfiguration
	 
081) What is Infrastructure as Code (IaC)?
	 You write a configuration script to automate creating, updating, or destroying cloud infrastructure.
	 IaC is a blueprint of your infrastructure.
	 IaC allows you to easily share, version, or inventory your cloud infrastructure.
	 
082) AWS SDK looks similar, but the key difference is CDK ensures Idempotent of your Infrastructure
	 True
	 
083) What allows you to use your favorite programming language to write Infrastructure as Code (IaC)?
	 AWS Cloud Development Kit
	 
084) What allows you to explore your stacks defined by CDK?
	 AWS CDK Explorer
